Disable GetJsonObject by default and add tests for as many issues with it as possible (#10220)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/compatibility.md

([SPARK-38060](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SPARK-38060)). The RAPIDS Accelerator behavior is consistent with
Spark version 3.3.0 and later.

### get_json_object

> The `GetJsonObject` operator that takes JSON input and a json path string to process. The code base

Reviewer: This first sentence seems to be missing something -- like what it does with the input and json path string.

for this is currently separate from regular JSON parsing and so it has other problems associated

> with it, in addition to potential problems with parsing the json path string itself. Because of this

Reviewer: Nit: I don't know if we need to go into details why it's incompatible rather than just documenting how it is incompatible.

> `GetJsonObject` has been disabled to be on the GPU by default. But if you are aware of the current

Reviewer: Nit: `disabled to be on the GPU by default` reads a bit like it's going to be on the GPU by default.
```suggestion
`GetJsonObject` will be on the CPU by default. But if you are aware of the current
```

> limitations with it, you might see a significant performance speedup by using it.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to mention the config setting to enable the GPU override for GetJsonObject here?

Here is a list of known differences.
  * [No input validation](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10218). If the input string

>     is not valid JSON Apache Spark returns a null result, but ours will still try to find a match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    is not valid JSON Apache Spark returns a null result, but ours will still try to find a match.
```

  * [Escapes are not properly processed for Strings](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10196).
    when returning a result for a quoted string Apache Spark will remove the quotes and replace
    any escape sequences with the proper characters. The escape sequence processing does not happen
    on the GPU.
  * [Invalid JSON paths could throw exceptions](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10212)

>     If a json path is not valid Apache Spark returns a null result, but ours may throw an exception

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If a JSON path is not valid Apache Spark returns a null result, but ours may throw an exception
```

    and fail the query.
  * [Non-string output is not normalized](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10218)
    When returning a result for things other than strings a number of things are normalized by

>     Apache Spark, but are not normalized by the GPU. Like removing unnecessary white space,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Apache Spark but are not normalized by the GPU, like removing unnecessary white space,
```

>     parsing and then serializing floating point numbers, turing single quotes to double quotes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    parsing and then serializing floating point numbers, turning single quotes to double quotes,
```

    and removing unneeded escapes for single quotes.

> There are also a number of bugs in bother our code and arguably in Apache Spark too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also a number of bugs in our code and arguably in Apache Spark too.
```

   * https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10219 non-matching quotes in quoted strings
   * https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10213 array index notation works without root
   * https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10214 unquoted array index notation is not
     supported
   * https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10215 leading spaces can be stripped from named
     keys.
   * https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10216 It appears that Spark is flattening some
     output, which is different from other implementations including the GPU version.
   * https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10217

>    * https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SPARK-46761

Reviewer: Would be nice to have a summary for these as there is for the others above to save the user from having to click-through the links.
